"Uncle," Lin Lan respectfully said.

"Lan, have a seat and eat something." Lin Liang gestured for Lin Lan to sit next to him. He looked at the people present, including Liu, Sun, Cao, Huang, and others. They surprised him, especially Huang Zhong. However, it seemed that they were all Uncle's friends, so Lin Liang began chatting with them.

Su Yanxing stared at Lin Lan, the number one figure in the Tianjian Sect, the leader of the Tianjian Guards, and the pinnacle of martial arts in the entire Chinese martial arts world. He was known as the Great Sword Emperor, and being called an emperor was the highest honor. Su Yanxing knew that her senior sister had crossed paths with him, and she had changed significantly afterward.

Lin Lan glanced at Su Yanxing without speaking, and then looked at the scarlet sky. "Tianxing? What a nostalgic name."

Ye Cang and Lin Lan exchanged nods and didn't have any further interaction. They weren't close, and Lin Lan's detachment from worldly affairs was evident.

Ye Wushuang's heart was trembling. How many bigshots were at this table? This was the Great Sword Emperor, acknowledged as the world's number one figure in the realm of martial arts in China. Ren Long, too, didn't know what to say. He was doesn't know about the Great Sword Emperor's level of skill. If he wanted him dead, he probably won't be able to react. The prestige of the Lin family of the Heavenly Sword Sect is not fake.

Other sects didn't pay much attention to this young man.

Song Yin looked at Ye Cang. "We'll have to spar again sometime."

"You can't defeat me, so why embarrass yourself?" Ye Cang replied seriously.

"Well, you..." Song Yin chuckled. "We can always practice."

"Depending on my mood," Ye Cang said, following the hierarchy. She was Le Le's father's real younger sister, or in other words, Le Le's aunt. He had to give her some face.

"I think you should participate in the Heavenly Absolute Peak's sword competition," Lin Lan said to Ye Cang.

"Huh?" Ye Cang was puzzled. Lin Yin explained, "Every twenty years, the top swordsmen in China gather at the Heavenly Absolute Peak's Sky Pool for a sword competition. This year, it happens to be a competition year, starting on the third day of next month."

"Oh, I'll go check it out. Thank you," Ye Cang said, showing respect to Lin Lan. After all, Lin Lan's strength was undeniable, and he couldn't beat him. However, when it came to those he could beat, like Song Yin, he didn't hesitate to show his disdain. Some people deserved to be given a cold shoulder.

Lin Lan knew that Ye Cang had fulfilled Uncle's wish. He was very grateful to him. He looked at Lin Le, perhaps he had been too cold to her back then. Pursuing the path of martial arts and standing at its peak made everything seem unfamiliar. Lin Sen, the Founding Ancestor, had been right. In his youth, he had been passionate, experiencing the full range of emotions. But now, the higher he stood, the more he lost those feelings. Except for Uncle, who was difficult to let go of, he had lost almost everything. All he had left was his sword, a testament to his achievements. When he met his father one day, he wanted to show him that Lan hadn't let him down.

Lin Liang looked at Lin Lan eating skewers and praised him. Sometimes he was a bit angry with Lin Lin. Over the past two hundred years, Lin Lan had missed Lin Lin a lot. When he was young, Lin Lan had often come to him, asking when his father would return from the distant stars where he was searching for treasures. Lin Liang had told him that his father would return one day. Lin Liang remembered when Lin Lan was seven years old. He had held him in his arms, and as he was about to fall asleep, Lin Lan had whispered, "Uncle, can I call you dad?"

"Of course, as long as you want to," Lin Liang had replied.

"Yeah, Dad..." Lin Lan fell asleep.

Lin Liang sighed. Lin Lin, that rascal...

In another world...

------------------------------------------------------

"Congratulations to the Sect Master for successfully refining the supreme magic weapon, the Chrysanthemum Destroyer! Show off our prestige, the might of our sect, terrifying the world, invincible overseas! Overseas...!" said an elder who had recently repented from his evil ways.

"Overseas... overseas what...?" Lin Lin held a weapon similar to a vajra in his hand, and numerous knots covered his entire body. He looked at the elder and asked.

"N-Nothing... Master, I think that the South Barbarian Heaven has declared war on us. They're using the banner of justice, accusing us of being evil, cruel, and malicious cultists!" Green Water Devil said indignantly. "This... Master! Can you endure it? If it were me, I would have... Ah!! My xx!!"

Green Water Devil clutched his back garden, his head on the ground. He cried, "Master!! I was wrong!! I was wrong!! Pull it out!! I beg you!! Master!! I was wrong!!"

"Sorry, my hand slipped... hehe." Lin Lin had an innocent smile on his face, and it was like the beginning of everyone's nightmares. They all swallowed hard. No one dared to say a word at this moment. They were afraid that the next one to be pierced would be themselves. This thing looked even scarier than the previous model.

"Xiao Hei, what do you think?" Lin Lin asked the Black Mountain old devil, Heishan on the left. The old devil Heishan immediately wet his back with cold sweat and swallowed. What to do, what to do? He wiped his sweat "I, little disciple Hei, hope Master will be determined to lead me to the road of justice!"

"Ah !!! XX !!! My xx !!! !!!"

" You said this last time, I have a good memory! There is no sincerity at all... I will punish you... remember next time."

"..." The Black Mountain old devil was crying bitterly in his heart at this moment. Kill me, I can't live anymore, come on.

"Little Red, what do you think?" Lin Lin pointed the Chrysanthemum Destroyer at the person on his right, a woman in a red robe who looked exceptionally charming. Although she seemed beautiful, she had a notorious reputation in the martial world. She was known as the Heart-Stealing Demoness, Wen Hong.

Wen Hong's body trembled, and her rosy lips turned slightly pale. "Well, um, Master, I believe that we should approach the South Barbarian Heaven in the same way you once persuaded us to embrace the light. Let them experience the love and care of your new magic treasure and become our companions on the path of righteousness!"

"Hmm, Little Red is right. That's the decision," Lin Lin said. His words made Wen Hong breathe a sigh of relief. She looked at the others, including Black Mountain Old Devil. She sneered, realizing that they couldn't even express themselves properly. She believed they would be no match for the South Barbarian Heaven. "Huh, you guys can't even talk. After hundreds of years of cultivation, your achievements will be in vain. Haha."

Wen Hong couldn't help but shed tears. She had traveled throughout the western skies her entire life, but how had she ended up harboring such wicked thoughts for him? She sighed again. When would this nightmare end?