
"At noon, several elders walked out of the Baihua Tower, among them a stunning woman in white attire, exuding an air of solemnity and grace. She wore a grey long robe.

"Gentlemen, welcome to the Baihua Tower. We are honored by your presence. I am Yu Lichun, the organizer of this Ten Families Youth Martial Arts Tournament. These two individuals beside me need no introduction - they are the elders of the Li and Ji families, Elder Li Yuanlong and Elder Ji Lutian. We also have a distinguished guest this time, Elder Su Yanxing from the Juejian Sect."

Li Yuanlong and Ji Lutian nodded in acknowledgment, while Su Yanxing paid little attention. His visit this time was customary for the Juejian Sect, every 30 years they came to see if there were any exceptionally talented individuals to recruit for the Juejian cultivation.

Liu, Sun, Cao, and others glanced at Su Yanxing.

"What an aloof woman, I like her..." Liu Bei mumbled as he smoked and played cards.

'Indeed, her bust is quite good, that of a martial artist, although slightly sagging...' Sun Quan glanced up to assess.

"I bet 10,000 that she's a Baihu (White Tiger)." Cao Cao picked up his cigar and shook off the endless ash.

"Crude." Lin Liang gave the three of them a disdainful look.

"Enjoy your meal first, and in the afternoon, we will begin the first round of competition. Please take your time." Yu Lichun concluded and went to his seat along with Su Yanxing. Several family elders joined them for the meal.

Ye Cang picked up a spear of asparagus and chewed on it. "It's crisp, but it's not as tender and juicy as the vegetables I grow. Sigh, it's not as delicious as what I cook..."

Wu Na looked at him and sighed. "Those vegetables you're talking about are grown by everyone collectively. You only planted one patch of chives that require no care."

"Let's go back and make dumplings." Ye Cang smiled, and everyone agreed.

"Used to eating home-cooked meals, these things are tasteless. But they're still alright, considering the ingredients, I'll give it a 7-star rating..." Liu Bei commented, serving himself a bowl of Buddha Jumps Over the Wall soup, shaking his head. He was known as the seedling champion of the Dongqu Subdivision with the most takeout orders, and achieving a 10-star rating from clients was his goal. This time he became the one giving ratings.

"The techniques are decent, but I don't feel the chef's dedication. It's not about skills or techniques, it's a feeling that you get when seasoning, a feeling that the chef truly honors the ingredients. As a diner, you feel a deep sense of respect..." Lin Liang didn't touch his chopsticks, just fanned himself with his feather fan and sighed. "If I'm not mistaken, this dish is from the Qianzhenge. It's a pity that the skill remains, but the soul is lost. What a shame..."

"Why so shameless? Just eat quickly." Jia Xu chided, then took a bite and shook his head. "Indeed, it's soulless. It appears rich, but it's actually empty."

Huang Zhong took his wooden bowl filled with rice and began to quickly serve dishes, eating hungrily. "It's good! Delicious!"

"......" Liu Bei and the others watched Huang Zhong in speechless amazement.

"This wine isn't bad..." Cao Cao sniffed it.

"Void Blossom Brew, one of the specialties of the Yu Family." Lin Liang smiled.

"Is my brewed liquor tasty?" Liu Bei took out his own liquor, soaked in rare fungi, flowers, and herbs from the mountains behind Wanjiu.

"You're cheating... It's definitely not as good as Transformation Wine." Lin Liang chuckled. Among Uncle Huang's brewed liquors, there was one called Rainbow Light Wine. It was made by adding dozens of fruits with different shapes and colors to Wanjiu, resulting in the flavor changing with time. At this moment, the taste lasted for three seconds in the mouth, changing flavors with each passing second, making it unpredictable and full of aftertaste.

Liu Bei took out his Rainbow Light Wine, and Ye Cang pouted. "Drinking this stuff is like having different flavors of mediocre beer."

"That's just you..." Thorny Rose gave him a disdainful look. "Liu Cousin, pour me a cup."

Lin Liang took a sip and raised an eyebrow. Oh? The longer the Void Blossom Brew was soaked, the shorter the time it took for the flavor to change. Now, the taste was changing every three seconds in his mouth. He had tasted almost ten different flavors in the span of a few moments, thanks to the uniqueness of Wanjiu. It truly was a magical thing.

Su Yanxing noticed and poured a cup for Lin Liang. He raised an eyebrow, recognizing him. It was him, Lin Lan, the adoptive father of Grand Sword Emperor Lin Liang... "Senior Lin, do you still remember Yanxing?"

"Of course, Yanxing. I didn't expect your cultivation to improve so rapidly. Truly, the legacy of Qingfeng (Su Qingfeng) continues." Lin Liang chuckled softly. "Don't think too much. We are here just to watch the young friends from the past years compete. We don't want to attract too much attention..."

"Fear not, Senior. Please make yourself comfortable." Su Yanxing understood that Lin Liang didn't want too much attention. Over the past two hundred years, he had seldom appeared, preferring not to be disturbed. She didn't say much and took note of Liu, Sun, Cao, and the others, then Ye Cang, Zhang Zhengxiong, and Lin Le, these juniors. She nodded in silence and returned to his seat.

"**?" Liu Bei leaned over.

"......" Lin Liang covered his face with his feather fan. "Uncle Huang, I'm not that kind of person."

"Brazen?" Sun Quan teased.

"Zhongmou, what does Kongming's wife look like? You know, don't you..." Cao Cao asked, exhaling his cigar.

"Moreover, I'm still..." Lin Liang hadn't finished his sentence when Liu Bei, Sun Quan, and Cao Bei all stood up and laughed. "What are you going to give birth to!?"

Lin Liang glanced at Jia Xu, who was ready to butt in at any moment, and let out a heavy sigh. "Nothing..."

'Oh, stop bullying Big Brother Liang.' XV chuckled, more concerned about the particularly potent aphrodisiac pills.

They continued to drink and eat.

After satisfying their hunger and resting for a while, the Ten Families' Youth Martial Arts Tournament officially commenced, using a lottery system for matches. Ye Cang casually drew one, and it said 'Huang Seventeen', belonging to the Huang Group of the Heaven and Earth Profound Yellow. Zhang Zhengxiong drew 'Tian Nineteen', and Lin Le drew 'Xuan Thirteen'.

Ye Cang's first opponent was the heir of the Zhong Family, Zhong Yunxiao. Slowly, he walked towards the arena designated for the Huang Group. At this moment, Huang Zhong took out Houyi's Bow from the tattoo on his back and let out a burp.

'What are you doing?' Jia Xu asked.

'I'm just considering whether to help the little brother or not. Subordinates from the Archery Battalion can shoot his opponent. Don't worry, I'll conceal the arrow shape.' Huang Zhong chuckled.

'But can you guarantee not to shoot someone dead...' Jia Xu continued to ask.

'Um... ' Huang Zhong thought about it. Indeed, his pursuit was the principle of being fast, accurate, and ruthless. He could achieve not killing with his archery, but to hide the arrow shape, ensure the force was not lethal, and avoid being seen... was just impossible.

'Don't interfere. Show a bit of dignity, like a senior.' Lin Liang's words made Huang Zhong put away Houyi's Bow, choosing to wave a flag and shout.

Lin Liang looked at Huang Zhong's flag-waving and frowning, he looked just like the general from back then. His intellect and character seemed to have regressed to the age of eighteen.