While Old Li was cooking, he would occasionally glance at Su Yanxing beside him, but he still hadn't fully processed the situation. He quickly took a sip of wine to calm his nerves. Su Yanxing spoke seriously, "Hubby, if you can drink, I will give you a bottle of my Frost-Cellared Daughter Red wine the next time we meet."

"Wow, the Frost-Cellared Daughter Red is out... judging by Su Yanxing's age, this wine is probably over a hundred years old," Lin Liang exclaimed. This wine wasn't something an ordinary person could drink. Only the inner disciples of Absolute Sword had the privilege to partake in this kind of ritual, where the wine was made using ingredients like Frost Star Grass and a drop of the girl's own blood. It would then be buried in the Frost Mountain Cellar until the day she became a wife, to be given to her husband. Of course, that was just one purpose; many would use it for themselves if they remained without a partner for their whole life.

The term "hubby" from Su Yanxing's words made Old Li feel extremely awkward. How could he refuse her? He was already middle-aged, and at this moment, Su Yanxing pulled out a communication device, and Old Li happened to overhear their conversation.

"Sister, what's up? Oh, I'm already here, and I've met my husband. He's a very skilled chef. He's much younger than me, probably around fifty. Sister, don't be upset. You'll also find your partner one day. Do you want to meet him?! What are you planning!? He's my husband! If you have any ill intentions, don't blame me for being ruthless.." Old Li was speechless at the two sisters' interaction. Wait a minute, I'm much younger than her, around fifty at most. "Um, may I ask how old you are?"

"Call me 'Mommy'... Hubby, otherwise, I might get angry," Su Yanxing said coldly.

"Mom... Mommy, may I ask your age?"

"According to the worldly calculation, I am three times your age. What? Do you find me too old?"

"No, no..." Old Li couldn't laugh or cry. It is enough to be her great-grandson... "It's just that there's a significant age gap between us, which might lead to generation gap issues. To prevent mutual grudges to leading to a grave, it's better..."

"My martial uncle, Su Qingfeng, gave his Frost-Cellared Daughter Red to the Martial Saint Lin Lin, who was just over ten years old at the time. It became a legendary story in Absolute Sword Sect and the Lin family. What's the big deal?" Su Yanxing laughed and interrupted.

"Huh?" Old Li was about to continue speaking, but Lin Liang interjected unexpectedly, "This is true. I can vouch for it... Congratulations on your marriage."

"Thank you for your blessing, Senior Lin," Su Yanxing replied politely.

Old Li looked at Lin Liang suddenly, feeling like he needed to throw out everything he had cooked for him!

"Old Li, pick a good day for the wedding!" Old Wang laughed heartily.

"Don't worry, we will organize it well for you..." Ye Cang clapped his hands in blessing. "Let's all applaud."

"Fuck, you guys..."

"It's a good idea, Old Li. By then, I will personally weave a handmade cooling mat and pillow set for Uncle Emperor's use." Liu Bei promised.

"I will be a witness," Cao Cao laughed arrogantly.

"Then I'll be the master of ceremonies..." Sun Quan sighed. He was originally quite skilled at conducting weddings.

"I'll shoot three arrows into the sky to add to the festive atmosphere," Huang Zhong patted his chest. "I guarantee it will look good."

Jia Xu looked at Huang Zhong speechlessly. Who does he think he is? A walking fireworks launcher?

"I'll take care of your wedding attire." Panty Uncle said elegantly, and Su Yanxing blushed slightly at his smile.

"Thank you, everyone. Husband, don't you want to express your gratitude to everyone?" Su Yanxing reminded.

Old Li, with a kitchen knife in hand, felt like stabbing each of these friends who normally enjoyed his food and drinks and never missed a chance to tease him. Especially Old Wang, Liu Bei, Sun Quan, and Panty Uncle. But as he felt Su Yanxing's hand on his arm and caught a whiff of her fragrance, he realized it had been a long time since he had thought about such matters. Ever since he was betrayed by her... he had focused all his energy on his culinary skills and competing with Old Wang. His face reddened. "Th-thank you..."

Flasher Uncle walked over brazenly, "Old Li, it seems my sister-in-law has a hidden ailment. Let me take care of it..."

"Get lost..." Old Li snapped, ready to use his knife on him.

"You can actually tell I have a hidden ailment..." Su Yanxing was astonished. She then carefully observed the middle-aged man in the Mediterranean-style windbreaker in front of her, who exuded such a pure healing energy. He even intentionally suppressed some of his wild nature, yet this was the first time she had sensed her healing energy as wild and tempestuous...

"Come, let me help you get rid of it. I have no relation to Old Li, but I still have to give my all for a small favor..." Naked Uncle opened his windbreaker, and Su Yanxing looked at his trunk, taking in a sharp breath. What a pure and genuine healing energy!

"Yanxing, just touch it, there is no harm." Lin Liang shook his feather fan. Old Li's heart was bleeding, and Spying Blade and Fang Ci looked at Old Li's expression, you know how we feel, right? The feeling of being ntr'd... The point is that you can't help it, it's for her own good... Thinking about it carefully, Flasher Uncle's elephant, it seems that everyone sitting here has touched it, and that kid XV has touches it even if he has a cold.

Su Yanxing was also embarrassed at first, but when she saw Lin Liang's permission, she slowly touched it, Old Li covered his face, what kind of friends did I make...

A torrent of warmth pervades the whole body, nourishing and nourishing every cell, and the point of the bifurcation is taken away by this torrent and melted in an instant. The body has never been so comfortable, and I can't help moaning. Old Li just wanted to leave quickly.

"Enough, enough! Let go, you're using too much force!" Flasher Uncle reminded her, and Su Yanxing embarrassingly withdrew her hand. Subconsciously, she used the same hand that had touched his elephant to hold Old Li, and Old Li, looking at that hand, froze.

"I have noted your favor, and if you need help, feel free to ask. Of course, now that I'm a wife, there's a limit to what I can do," Su Yanxing said seriously.

Old Li was wearing a bitter expression. This is a disaster...

Regarding the movement on Su Yanxing's side, due to Panty Uncle deeming it indecent, he had substituted it with spatial distortions before the touch. Now he pressed a button on his watch, and everything reverted. Su Yanxing looked at Panty Uncle in amazement. A spatial ability user!? She was extremely shocked. This person's strength must be terrifying, and he looks... so handsome.

For others, they only saw Su Yanxing walking and eating.

But the shocking news was that Su Yanxing had gotten married and was so casual about it. She married a chef hired from the family branch! Qin Zhong was also dumbfounded. He knew Old Li; although they weren't close, he had eaten his meals many times. They were truly top-tier. I should have learned cooking when I was young. What a loss. The other clans were also shocked by Su Yanxing's behavior. She had married a chef from the Night Market Street, provoking Elder Su from the Absolute Sword.

Heavenly Cloud Lake, situated on the northwest peak of Mount Shanlan, towering above peaks like Everest, was an ethereal place within this mountain range. There lay the Heavenly Cloud Lake, the base of Absolute Sword, surrounded by five peaks: the Thought Extinction Peak, the Intent Extinction Peak, the Sky Extinction Peak, the Earth Extinction Peak, and the Myriad Extinction Peak. At the top of the Thought Extinction Peak, a figure dressed in red silk, her long hair billowing like a dragon in the wind, wore a scarlet silk dress. Her lips moved slightly, "I must take a good look at my junior sister's man because..."

"Men are all no good!!!"